# TheHungryKnight
It was a dark and stormy night that saw a very hungry and exhausted knight and his retinue of mounted men-at-arms enter the Hungry Knight Inn and Tavern worn down as the Hungry Knight and his mounted band were by the end of a hard day riding across the country-side on horse-back in response to the King’s Calling of the Banners.  The Hungry Knight and his party are eager to turn in for the night at your Inn with warm meals in their bellies at your tavern after having their tired but trusted warhorses seen to by the Hungry Knight Inn and Tavern’s attached stable.  As the Inn and Tavern keeper of this fine establishment, you decide to offer the hungry knight and his soldiers a selection of the finest food and drink you have as well as care you can provide if only to ensure the hungry knight doesn’t turn into the angry knight and have your fine establishment razed into the ground.  To that end, you decide to offer the Hungry Knight once he signs your Inn register book as many plates of Roast Pheasant, bowls Beef Stew, loafs of Fine Bread with cream, and assorted pieces of fruit freshly collected from the fields as well as any number of cups of Mead, Ale, and Wine as the Knight and his band requests to break their day long fast.  Naturally, since the Hungry Knight’s warband is here on the King’s business, you are permitted by the King’s law to charge the Crown whatever the Hungry Knight and his men owe to your fine establishment for services rendered so at the least there should be no need to fear incurring the Hungry Knight’s wrath at having to pay good coin to an “up-jumped semi-literate peasant” like you.

This was my first lab assignment in my Java class and these were the steps we had to follow:

1. Please call your program TheHungryKnight.java (5 points)
2. Include the basic comment header in your program. This includes multi-line comments detailing your name, the class name and section, the name of your program, a brief description of what your program does in terms of input, processing, and output, and the due date for this assignment.  (5 points)
3. Print a welcome message out to the screen to welcome the User to your application. (5 points)
4. Read into your program the name the Hungry Knight signs into your register to note the Knight’s name and personality characteristic. The name entered should be printed as “Sir <name> the <characteristic>.”  For example, if the user enters “Robin” and “Brave”, then you should print “Sir Robin the Brave” out to the console screen when you take the orders.  (10 points)
5. You can assume that each plate of Roast Pheasant costs 15.15 silver pieces, each bowl of Beef Stew costs 3.79 silver pieces, each loaf of fine bread costs 5.37 silver pieces, and each piece of fine fruit costs 1.29 silver pieces.
6. Prompt the user to enter the number or quantity of Roast Pheasant plates, bowls of Beef Stew, loafs of fine bread, and pieces of fine fruit that the Hungry Knight consumes and store the values for each of these quantities in appropriately named variables. (10 points each)
7. Calculate and print out to the console screen the subtotal price for the entire feast that the Hungry Knight enjoys for that evening at your fine establishment. (10 points)
8. Calculate and print out to the console screen the Baron’s leveraged sale’s taxes at 5% of the total price for the privilege of owning your fine establishment on the Baron’s land before adding in that amount to the calculate the final total price for the entire affair. (10 points)
9. Calculate and print out the final total price (sub-total + tax) that you will charge the Crown to compensate you for services rendered to the Hungry Knight out to the screen. (10 points)
10. Minor formatting variations are expected. You do not need to be exact on the white space to earn full points on this assignment.  A couple of extra lines or not is not an issue as long as your output is legible.
11. Include comments in your code as required to document your code and improve readability. (5 points.)
12. You may assume that all user input entered by the user is correct. No user input validation is required in this assignment.  No decimal point formatting is required in this assignment.
